sup sup sup my name is very real council
welcome to a new segment this is called
mastering blue eyes which basically
we're going to do we're going to master
the blue eyes deck i'm going to show you
every matchup we possibly can well you
know where every single little bit but
today it's just the history of blue eyes
and basics and support like the direct
launcher support and then next video
will be the rest of the blue I support
as in spells and stuff and finally we'll
go into the support monsters dan will
finally go into the depths and stuff I
want to just keep it moving a good
momentum so we're going to start with
the extra deck mount series put of
course before we do that we have to show
you blue eyes that's what this video is
about it's about blue eyes how to play
the deck how to build the deck all the
support cards were going to build
various builds showing each and every
single one on the council so if you're
not subscribed make sure to so I start
blue-eyes ultimate was the first thing
we ever sold during what was it the
original yugioh serious during duelist
Kingdom it was amazing it was like
season one because season 0 was the
original season just so there's no
confusion blue-eyes ultimate dragon was
so cool when we first saw it but we saw
it like die to mammoth graveyard spell
shagging arrow and if you ever got the
feeling that wow I want to do that then
you like blue eyes as simple as that a
three-headed tyrant dragon there was you
know it's still amazing card but as time
went on we saw Dragon Master Knight who
looked even cooler but you needed to be
less and a blue eyes and that was just
ridiculous hard to get out but as time
went make sure I'm hitting the right
cards here as time went we got more
support in a former kyra man and blue
eyes shining dragon and malefic blue
eyes but then finally we go I do have to
cut the video here and say there's two
more cards that I didn't mention mention
right now all right these are the only
other cards that otherwise would take me
16 days to dig through all my stuff to
find them blue-eyes toon dragon it's a
blue eyes card but it doesn't really
give support to the blue eyes I still
have to mention it though Pegasus used
it during duelist kingdom vs Kaiba so it
had to get a mention
but it's not one not really going to be
using outside of a tune duck so working
on palio the white dragon and its ritual
spell card this allows you to get blue
eyes from your hand or deck that's
allowed to get to the graveyard and you
got tributes a level 4 monster or stars
at equal level 4 so back to the video
but these are two monsters I just wanted
to make sure that we got in there so
back to the video as time went on we got
news of a term which is made it but then
we started figuring how we going to use
that to extra synchro then we got our
authorized silver dragon who's basically
every nine circles for metal dragon
standby phase so let's go down each of
these monsters malefic stores I'm sorry
malefic blue eyes can only be special
summoned by banishing blue eyes from
your main deck and especially from your
hand shining you have to tribute
ultimate dragon to bring out and when
you do it's at you pretty nifty it can't
be targeted so basically it's made in on
poop like crack Kaiba man if you tribute
it you get blue eyes from your hand to
the field all right in if you target her
or they target her then you get blue
eyes I've your deck odds rice gives you
protection when special summon blue-eyes
ultimate in just a giant vanilla 4500
beater which we're going to do fun stuff
with sooner or later it's also level 12
which makes incredible if we have a rank
12 now for nifty little combos well
that's kind of the next video isn't it
but that's pretty much the basics of
each card and I already mentioned
blue-eyes toon dragon and everything but
from what you're going to use is
depending on your bills because these
are the basics now I'm going to have a
follow up video to this but when we talk
about basics if you want to go
competitive it's made in blue eyes eyes
your eyes you can get away with running
blue-eyes ultimate and your extra deck
if you can make it work blue-eyes
shining is not really used in
competitive scene the malefic blue eyes
have never really been used Kaiba man
not using the competitive scene and
master dragon not you
competitive scene next video I know this
is a little short next video we're going
to be going over the rest of the blue I
support the one spell card and the
proper general power cards and the
support boxers and then once we get a
little more in depth to this because
this way it's you know straight from
this is every blue ice card into this is
the pro level stuff into the this is
super fun stuff we're going to get into
every single thing we possibly can in
the next couple of videos so once we get
around a third video that's pretty much
when this will pick up a little bit
faster but let me know what you guys
want to see out of this whole series and
leave it in the comments below I'm
probably going to do about 40 videos
cheers on blue eyes because that's how
much I love blue eyes I have a passion
for it and if you guys like what you see
make sure to subscribe to the channel
like the video and like our Facebook
page and comment down below because we
love hearing from you guys and you guys
are amazing for everything that you you
know do for the council if you want to
see the deck builds we already have some
up we're currently working on more some
should be out probably by tomorrow I'm
just finalizing the builds and I don't
want to rush nothing still I want to
make sure everything's good but tomorrow
will probably be another guide and we'll
keep doing this as quickly as we can and
to scan them out so see you then see you
next video case